not with that attitude kappa
nice pb stream kappa
go for wr kappa
@bigdregamer proper bowling i hope kappa
dammit mods kappa
to be fair, the cookie was weak, and chat hates death's gambit kappa
@protonjon play manspider instead kappa
@protonjon you say that like it's a bad thing kappa
115 names in ten minutes? that's a really bad name per minute ratio, jon. kappa
jon: "how dare you enjoy a game" kappa
@protonjon balthier is trying to bribe his way to mod. kappa
huh. i thought you were a rob, jon. kappa
try harder kappa lul
we need 5 million subs kappa
it makes us poor people look bad!!! kappa
i disagree kappa
noticing a bowling theme here tonight. next up: wii sports bowling! kappa
wait tetris is a puzzle game? kappa
actual bowling game next lul kappa
so request wii sports got it kappa
elf bowling for cookie kappa
are we gonna see you at next agdq running this jon? kappa
man we sure love us some balls kappa
for once kappa
@myohel0 we don't do good games here kappa
doctor chugga? we're screwed kappa
is mayonnaise a sub? kappa
sink the boat kappa
@xenodanganmonicals i'm sure rex hit puberty early in his adventure kappa
@shadow_war probably because we were answering the same question kappa
wow, how nice of you kappa
ryan, make sure your safe search is off kappa
online experience not rated kappa
banned kappa lul
@cdchow he has to, he's a collector kappa
that's before i was born kappa
stream it kappa
q? from street fighter? kappa
tell that to the audience kappa
my favorite pony is my sonic oc kappa
mr.ed is the best horse. kappa
@protonjon and you picked the wrong generation, obviously! kappa kappa
german probably has a word for that kappa
its been 2 seconds kappa
10/10 it's alright kappa
too much water kappa
my favorite katamari soundtrack is splatoon 2 kappa
actual bowling? kappa lul
the music's good keep going kappa
home of the free kappa
can confirm, ryan kuuribro is his full name kappa
we're done here. kappa
you say that now kappa
its clearly glue kappa
food is fish, not friends! kappa
16th here kappaa
@protonjon but you can't deliver pizza in the new one kappa
@protonjon now we're going to stare at a kid's balloon as it floats away, right? kappa
@trevorblade how dare you be here and support jon's stream. kappa
ryan, talking about how good the game is is making the game worse for jon! kappa
yeah, myo, it's not like this is jon's stream or anything! kappa
you people just dont vote for it kappa
did you see the new saw movie? kappa
i mean, this guy hasn't been spider-man for 8 years kappa
internet works fast kappa
so, real talk, xbox version is the definitive version, right? kappa
oh, man. i didn't know we were listening to just the facts with jay jonah jameson kappa
@protonjon i call shenanigans! that last game we played had absolutely no bowling! kappa
use your words? but what if i wanna use my emotes? kappa
because it really needs the money kappa
a game about murdering characters? so... saw? kappa
ugh, only 90fps? that's barely even watchable kappa
y'know, not europe, kappa
@counterpointclover i thought our countries job is screw other nations over kappa
@counterpointclover do you mean to tell me that scheissenkopfern is not a real name kappa
what could possibly go wrong? kappa
anime is that some type of food kappa
@xilehnoc i'd say jon's screaming is somewhat... mellow today. kappa
@mariokart2014 playing with my feelings, man. kappa
end the game? my, what a short rpg. kappa
finish the game kappa
never have hope jon, what has life taught you thus far? kappa
and it'll be your last probably. kappa.
@protonjon because the pc is telling you to live a minimize your lifestyle kappa
next you're gonna tell me that mario kart wii is for the wii. kappa
using up my once in twenty minutes message. kappa
drive to ireland. kappa
walk to ireland. kappa
who are all of you?! kappa
you never even started the stream, jon. you've been hallucinating this whole time. kappa
hope no one heard you kappa
game clear? kappa
it's like parasoul's ending in skullgirls... totally evoking the same emotions here kappa
why is everyone saying my name kappa
i thought these streams were prerecorded and you aren't playing any of them kappa
i'm still not convinced kappa
oh boy, jon streams? i never knew. kappa
so a good game and a s hit series got it kappa
it only hurts if you survive kappa
3/10 not enough tim curry kappa
@themaniacalgamer that's a spoiler! go to the spoiler chat! kappa
im back who did jon kill kappa
@protonjon you sing nickelback songs. that's how you kill someone kappa
there are rules? kappa
@ultaki inb4 you're stripped of your modship. kappa
nah you know what, if you have to think about it then do it kappa
i think it's time to fire the incompetent mods. kappa
you're not supposed to be looki9ng chat stop reacting kappa
this is what its actually like in japan kappa
i'll send you some robux to help kappa
hey ray can i sing at your wedding? kappa
you're both wearing dresses? kappa
man these are some crazy lengths to make people think you're not gay kappa congratz @brownman
we're all bots kappa
you didn't use his business card? kappa
@brownman does the bottom of the box say "sike" kappa
who knew ray had it in him? i thought he was jjust an awkward nerd kappa
who wouldn’t start crying when a fucking virgin who plays games for a living proposes kappa
glad to see the chair getting married kappa
you give up your life for a kid. a noose works better kappa
im not a content creator in any way but you can sell my merch kappa
jjhatchet, do you want to die? kappa
why do that when you can do icp parodies. kappa
kevin i thought you were a slut for the american flag. kappa
6 feet under john? that deep kappa
electrical sustained timezone kappa
fortnite is game of the year kappa
running with your face pointing the ground makes you faster kappa
i bet the kid is a bomb or something kappa
its almost like her husband dying was a good thing kappa >_>
good day ? but it is dark already kappa
cohh is in carolina. he lives this game every day kappa
so what you are saying is.. besides everything, it is a great game kappa lul
yes 76 is very realistic kappa
kill him now @cohhcarnage kappa
we all know cohh hates fun kappa
kill her first kappa that would solve it
really scripted governor of poker more realistic kappa
a long time is yesterday in carolina kappa
unfollowed, unsubbed, undonated kappa
omg he said the word realistic? im triggered you can take 10 bullets before you die kappa
play a historically accurate game like mass effect kappa
nailed it. kappa
just drag him kappa
@cohhcarnage ahh, the old superficial act of charity to launder your concience... kappa
will this game also come to mobile? kappa
@cohhcarnage because only the good guys sneak around outside on the second story roof kappa
you mean being american? kappa
not a troll kappa
cohh sounds extremely fun at parties kappa
@cohhcarnage ahh yes, the supercifial gesture of charity to launder your conscience. kappa
i could build a better house in a day kappa
nice help kappa
john is very likable kappa
cohh takes his roleplay of outlaws very serious chat kappa
the new sims look really pretty kappa
just killing some woman that needed help thats better kappa
todd thanks you for the franchise loyalty kappa
"no more killing" kappa
just a flesh wound kappa
it's fine kappa
now burn it kappa
i have a horse voice too kappa
scripted bug kappa
glorious gameplay kappa
killing over 50 people for 1 bounty seems fair kappa
do you accept crypto currency? kappa
cohh doesnt need objectives kappa
think you'll finish it today kappa
shoot the dog kappa
dont they even have a tv kappa
time to reset kappa
leave her kappa
you guys dont play the sequel first? kappa
pie dont you know the first game is melee kappa
i thought you said you wouldn't stream another dark souls kappa
@blitz0x good. i'm pretty sure this is a toto only stream kappa
@habibimity bold of you to assume i have parents kappa feelsbadman
the game's making up for chat not backseating kappa
@zaigeno i guess i gotta buy an xbox to help ray sellout kappa
is game pass supported on my ti-86 calculator? kappa
we open world now kappa
black is winning kappa
so just use it to hide the mods kappa
time me out tina. i volunteer as tribute kappa
ban me if you want kappa
i think 80 thousand is a low number kappa
i can't believe twitch has done this instead of letting us edit our tweets, like c'mon man kappa
you ban them kappa
@pruelegend that's obviously why we haven't seen more yellow spyro kappa
i'm so glad to see the devs taking air hockey so seriously kappa
@slime_ or opavote if we wanted to be real democratic kappa
crush? which flavor are we talking about kappa
@teh_chemist that's better than my joke. so yes. that's totally what i meant kappa
not dead, just sleeping kappa
but now that someone mentioned it, its delayed a month kappa
@afro_sauce i'll take it kappa
ill be your test subject kappa
i thought it was ninja kappa
pretty intuitive sequence tbh kappa
4 draws in the tiebreaks are incoming? kappa
spoiler: its a draw kappa
@djchessdog i'm so loyal kappapride
chess starts in even position so you should just draw before first move kappa
can you still feel the casters' salt? kappa
@gmhikaru what does a nobody like you commenting on a gm like fabianos moves kappa
it's almost like robert is a gm kappa
waste your 120 second with a kappa plz kappa
submode definetly made it better to get the chat spamming thx mods kappa
it's a draw, no champion this time kappa
twich chat can decide if theres a draw kappa
you mean magnus is about to offer draw, right? kappa
dont worry guys its just the draw negotiation taking time kappa
we;re all grandmasters what do you mean too advanced kappa
who do we petition to change the world championship format to be all-rapid? kappa
why is the janitor from scrubs casting kappa pogchamp
gm = grossly mediocre? kappa
go for scholars mate, maybe magnus won't see it kappa
im 2200 in league of legends, thats the same right? kappa
oh thanks, a graphic to understand how much 2.5 is compared to 2.0. as a na viewer i appreciate this a lot kappa
@alia_a did they draw a sausage or something? kappa
@chessbae94 how can i join this tournament? i'm getting on my flight to london kappa
does this guy ever stop talking kappa
wait .... they don't recognize me? kappa
@agent_jl_chess you have so many uncles here kappa
the queen sucks that's why no one moved theirs kappa
the volume is perfect kappa
what are the tie breaks? should be bullet kappa
it's actually true, unlike all the other deep philosophy kappa
i checked your mom kappa
they should invent a battle royale version of chess kappa
chess is a worse version of hearthstone with no rng dansgame kappa
why is there no rng in this game residentsleeper kappa
are black the bad guys? kappa
2834, washed up chess player kappa
magnus is ready to declare mate in 31 kappa
carlsen is actually three computers in a trench-coat kappa
i've got elo 1, trust me i'm number one in the world kappa
magnus paid to lose kappa
@truehatmaster 500? you are kind of over estimating kappa
wait can someone tell me how the horsy moves again? kappa
well he is a piece of fuck kappa
just climb out the window 4head kappa
nice throw kappa
all is in the window kappa
that's how you calm a lady down irl too chat kappa
"should be fine" kappa
just means you gonna waste your ammo sooner kappa
chat can throw my meat kappa
na granny kappa
see told you kappa
risk it for the biscuit and die kappa
just walk out the front door kappa
go and smash granny. kappa
if only you had two hands kappa
it's safe kappa
you used the well yes kappa
best mechanic kappa
the gramps is dlc kappa @lirik
just curious kappa
who say @lirik dont beat single player games ? kappa
mobile looks better then pc lul kappa
i was there kappa
finish it just in case kappa
i can use my prime in 4 days, kappa
its okay they need it kappa
i shouldve went to a na school kappa
i insist kappa
sure kappa
double cucked kappa
cancel sounds good to me kappa
very original kappa
strong independant woman btw kappa
is this dialog game? kappa
you need to restart until it gets fixed kappa
you need to edit ini, just guessing kappa
is this fortnite 2? kappa
from power rangers? kappa
no name laptop kappa
maybe because you can't parry lights kappa
my first was a tauren hunter i could only play for about 10 minutes at a time before my computer crashed kappa
cookies and creme kappa
all games are balanced if you play top tier kappa
passive i-frames that can never be broken kappa
ride an alakazam kappapride
@zari1600 mr.mime rides you kappapride
you can ride them all, molestemon kappa
pokemon mystery dungeon exists kappa @k2i3n4g5
@hadiehim it is cause people are bad kappa
o.k. we all know yugioh was the best show of all time kappa
@strippin ah yeah, for honor gets real good after 40+ hours yeah kappa
all that's happening right now, it's your fault @kingbendrick kappa
just need to watch prison school now kappa
tsubasa chronicle kappa
@strippin so keijo? kappa
have you ever heard of the super obscure anime... attack on titan? kappa
@colgaldy no kappa
@zerodarkblaze kyon-kun, denwa kappa
i finally remembered an anime i watched that i'd actually recommend coxomg ... school live kappa
anime is for losers tho kappa manga is for chads
@kappaslasher comes from being japan being weird. feelsweirdman
being naked just means being lewd now apparantly kappa
they're step-siblings, it's fine kappaslasher
i cant believe guts is out of the boat chapter finally kappa
@hadiehim where do light novels fall in that spectrum kappa
griffith did nothing wrong kappa
@colgaldy donovan did nothing wrong kappa
like bleach... post arc 2 kappa
@dilettantisch filler in anime is written by a team of desperate writers trying to plug up a hole in content from the source material kappa
wolverine gets reborn as his own little sisterkappa
@thefishmaster the dick only makes it better kappa
would that not mean that sam is the only other badge people need? kappa
'game crash' aka rage quit? kappa
i remember when this was a waifu stream kappa
ever heard japanese geralt-sama kappa
sieg player says geralt is broken kappa
working as intended kappa
good news is you got bar because you got your ass kicked kappa
would you say this character is a nightmare? kappa
@taltos246 yoshimitsu kappa
at least 2b can see now kappa
the version of gwent in thronebreaker is brand new so nobody really knows how to play it yet, but dont let that stop u from backseatin kappa
i only see mario kappa
just like real witcher; just loot everything kappa
so you gotta scour and sniff every little plant, and container. yep definitely witcher kappa
he looks more like kevin bacon kappa
pretty sure thats sean bean kappa
well if it is sean bean we are going to love this character and than he is gonna die horribly in the first chapter kappa
i hope, that isn't sean bean. kinda like reynard, i wouldn't want him to die kappa
goat gods, we worship baphomet now? kappa
this is why the northern realms lost kappa
sean bean knows what to do with monsters from the north kappa
believe in the heart of the cards kappa
he's learning kappa
make the cows eat the mad cow kappa
you saved all the tauren kappa
buy witcher 3 and thronebreker form sam´s link then kappa
she dies either way kappa
who's to say he's a real diplomat kappa
the only real christmas music is love like winter. kappa
@cryaotic that sounds like an issue you need to fix on your own time kappa\
@malyiay cry reading chat kappa
@cryaotic i am seeing cconx on the side kappa
it was me kappa
i modded 20 people kappa
!play kappa
me kappa
im a mod in other streams kappa
add lizardizzle lol kappa
put me in kappa
how do i get in on this kappa
add me kappa
let moobot play kappa
!play kappa kappa
!play kappa kappa kappa
!boost kappa kappa
matchmaking stream? kappa
sol pic me kappa
so how much is bikeman worth @cryaotic ? kappa
@zelphor_arcane traitor kappa
insayno is now the errand boy for cry kappa
working for someone implies money kappa
2018 not so much kappa
sure kappa
sure kappa
sure, cry. kappa
sure kappa
sure sure kappa
sure cry kappa
sure kappa
yeah draw it cry kappa
kappa dew it
is gooch the new grinch kappa
nah, cry is there to just watch kappa
have an existential crisis kappa
biblethump but also kappapride
effort? in a cry stream??? kappa
he came out kappapride
his shiny articuno kappa
so alex is a kappapride ? not surprised
tharja kappa
waluigi kappa
sure cry kappa
cry is a clone kappa
sans has been in smash since the first game you guys kappa
just watch the new berserk anime cry kappa
caming kappa
oni chi chi kappa
will you stream it for us? kappa
brb chat kappa
cry cock kappa
don't say dick cry kappa
it's dick kappa
et for the atari kappa
comma is in the wrong spot kappa
secret hitler kappa
dabwoman kappa
skyrim kappa
hey cry when you're gonna beat underhell? kappa
@cryaotic just stream it kappa
wow so hard @cryaotic kappa just git gud 4head
i bet cry fels like above the average person kappa
so who else getting money from fo76? kappa
whats wrong with candy crush kappa
git gud scrub kappa
they also don't get sidetracked kappa
food for me kappa
kill your self, simple kappa
it's simple, just break the fourth wall kappa
is the answer "the same way you got in" kappa
no you gotta give bits kappa
hint: there is a door kappa
no, you gotta give bits kappa
thanks cheese kappa
lets make this into brokeback mountain simulator kappapride
@cryaotic you could have done that with gta5. make a lnc crew and have us all join in, and then you make a closed crew session and we all join you. kappa
is cry a grill again? kappa
'why would i want to stop' kappa
“crashed” kappa
@summer__ hi gotta get out bed kappa
the ultimate roll-playing by giving you your lines kappa
hay! kappa
already better than firewatch kappa
cry play amnesia kappa
sodapoppins who? jebaited kappa
impressions kappa
make end stream one kappa
more marbles kappa
stalker kappa
bad rpg maker horror game @cryaotic kappa
@cryaotic zeal cuz more soda stealing kappa
ss13 kappa
guilty gear rev 2 kappa
red dead 1 kappa
maplestory 2 kappa
more marbles kappa
dbfz kappa
club penguin kappa
im fine with dbd kappa
@cryaotic tf2 kappa
let's just play marbles for the rest of the stream kappa
bcwarrior bcwarrior dansgame dansgame theringer dansgame dansgame kappa funrun ;p funrun kappa
@leekerson kappa
100gift sub time kappa
it sucks kappa
sure kappa
need to find ram ranch before you get lost in the fishing though kappapride
nozomihoejo should pick kappa
jackbox won kappa
witcher 3 speedrun, one sitting kappa
hard mode has addition kappa
of course, ernie wants you to find balls kappa
no kappa
walnut kappa
restart computer kappa
all the japanese kappa
is this - romanji? kappa
dab kappa
jeez cry if you wanted to see evengeleon just watch darling in the franxx kappa
yes kappa
yes kappa
mad cause bad kappa
just get a better pc kappa
deadly premonition kappa
do plashgames kappa
nice game kappa
wow so cool kappa
professional kappa
great gameplay kappa
@cryaotic why you ragequit like that kappa
it's fine cry just finish downloading your porn kappa
@snazzyninja_ there was supposed to be a kappa after my last message woops
you know... this guy is probably thinking to himself ''the ai in this game sucks'' kappa
doin good til you choked and forfeit kappa
yum yum kappa
i can't wait for this game to go the way of speedrunners and duck game. lnc plays it, russ gets too good, no one wants to lose to him anymore kappa
nomnom nomnom nomnom stinkycheese stinkycheese stinkycheese kappawealth kappawealth kappawealth kappawealth
837 bahahaha kappa
already forgot kappa
nintendo switch wins kappa
opponent is the better player kappa
so, cry's into choking then? kappa
artifact kappa
its hearthstone obviously guys kappa
what you've never did that kappa
i couldn't her you you were mumbling kappa
@quietgoosehonk alt f4 kappa (it's in the settings from that little gear under the chat box)
@quietgoosehonk u cant kappa
fri*k kappa
bold of you to assume that theres adults in here kappa
dont trust him, he is just selling out tempo storm kappa
what were they doing kappa
i always blame fix when i die in bfv kappa
great game kappa
ragequit inc kappa
fun kappa
@lirik maybe it's time to go back to battlefield 1 kappa
how's that? kappa
more like na drinking water kappa
so he's better than you ? kappa
maybe kappa lul
is this budget shroud? kappa
i think we won kappa
we won kappa
yeah sure you won kappa
yes you won it was a glorious victory kappa
@kazueio but i have potato a41 kappa
@smurfi ok thats unbeatable kappa
@kazueio i know some guy who can get u potato a40 kappa
@kazueio belive me, i will double your money and trim your potato kappa
cl_crosshair_sniper_width 1 kappa
@lirik wow look your favorite map kappa
might as well go on welfare kappa
@lirik your favorite map kappa
todd howard: "it just works!" kappa
this thing is a beast kappa
@handsomeholland as you wish kappa
totally unbiased opinion kappa
@ohhgoodgrief kappa
they're holopoints kappa
sure its the bullets kappa
@kerbalkappaprogram liriknice
we know kappa
he's actually not danny kappa
martyrdom? kappa
clear kappa
good kappa
i want to play this game as a jewish black female nazi soldier.. why is this not a thing? kappa
@c00de because nazis werent in ww2 kappa
alabama has joined the chat kappa
!vote marble it up kappa
@peytonrilke i know right kappa
ya when u turn in ur assignment of ur final kappa
@peytonrilke ok. its on poe. gotta research critical articles on one of those stupid websites. 1200-1500 words kappa /
where can i buy a camiseta with your logo kappa ?
play fortnite already kappa
fortnite all kappa
i remember when this used to be a variety stream kappa
@l4_m1gr4 when u stop watching people streaming kappa
@yassine013013 if he doesnt have a reason and u get banned, who will fight for your rights? kappa
fortnite story best kappa
sniper kappa
i suggest that cause i can and i will kappa
mod me kappa
but but u wanted to try things out yourself not trust reviews kappa
me neither, i have a banana in my left ear kappa @lirik
play fortnite kappa
play eve online kappa
then move kappa
what about a different state? like new york kappa
isnt eastern in march? kappa
it is a lie kappa
cosmetics and titles kreygasm kappa
nobody will notice that i’m gay kappapride
alright chat i’m here calm down everyone kappa pogchamp
i cant hear him kappa
identity kappa
@ghostr6 what a nice sub-badge besides your name kappa
lirik and geers kappapride clap
@nizacx kappa
can go wrong with rl kappa
guys it is just glitching. when it is finished rendering, it will be a canvas bag kappa
load save file? kappa
@dansgaming you do not realise that, when the bag is finished rendering, you will get your canvas bag kappa
i love andromeda kappa
i love killing people kappa
love knows no bounds kappa
i love fallout 76 kappa
bethesda made the bag shitty, cause it knew their modding community would come out with a patch to fix it poggers it all makes sense now kappa
test icecube kappa
test santahat kappa
good game kappa
kappa it just works
not me kappa
1 shot "everything"? sure kappa
@zuzzclap was fighting legendary pig in ac odyssey for 2 days kappa
@frametip probably because they cant beat some of the bosses kappa
keep hitting it kappa
you need to hit it 300 times kappa
you almost had it kappa
its breaking, slowly kappa
300 times in 5 minutes kappa
try it kappa
just hit him kappa
how many sins have you commited? kappapride
we avatar now? kappa
fo76, sounds like a good game kappa
easy mode kappa
i bet the 5 people playing the game will enjoy it kappa
wait, is he trying to get hit? kappa
but we all have mobile phone kappa
wheres that one guy in chat who says i liked andromeda? kappa
but i drive a car, surely i can build one from scratch kappa
just learn c++ kappa
just make flappy birds kappa
only another 300 or so to give out kappa
this game isnt realistic enough kappa
i'd vote for fortnite kappa
someone give me one kappa
ill take one of those kappa
sub gifting was made for millennial kappa
i've been preparing my santa body for years now kappa
besides loosing kappa
is this subnautica? kappa
@sekretaznman kappa ccino
we do dan, you're an influencer kappa
what? i hate you now! d: kappa
i don't like dan stream but dan is forcing me to watch it kappa
do you have power armor edition bag ? kappa
we should all agree to disagree kappa
funout 76 kappa
@thegamerpanda kappa genius
dan it is a canvas bag, it just isn't patched yet kappa
well its not like people could see the difference kappa
there, 500 atoms to make you shut up kappa
@vrtnipatuljak trying to find sense, surely something can't be that bad unless its on purpose...right kappa ?
replay all of them kappa
kappa yes komrade
there is someone watching right now that got hooked on andromeda kappa
we bang ok kappa
such a mouth on this guy kappa
he was so hungry that he could eat a horse kappa
give bad rating kappa
dw guys everybody will have sub at the end of this boss kappa
this boss would be dead already if he played a male character kappa
feature of hardest difficulty kappa
@deltasixtyeight it already is in china kappa
just keep healing kappa dantroll
@basedgodmonty first try... for the 7th time kappa
summon someone to help kappa
tell me more kappapride
@jenna_jenna233 feliciakappa radbliss
just dodge them and kill him kappa
easiest kill kappa
easy boss kappa
@dansgaming cant u just range him with blades kappa ?
the dark souls of dark souls kappa
game broken , restart from beginning kappa
@ffxyuna yea dan doesn't seem to realize he needs to beat this boss and not die in order to advance the game kappa
wrong hole kappa
did the mods go and hide kappa
it's a job huh kappa
nice fall damage kappa clap
br4dlee oh okay - dark souls is better imo. it doesnt force you to play an illegal mexican kappa
1 guy able killing dozens of women without a scratch ? sounds about right kappa
@sazio1984 it's kinda realistic, 1 guy taking down an army of women that easily kappa
this game is bound to score high in the sjw award department kappa
@cyberglock usually it's the other way round, like f76? kappa
yeah kappa
@bridgeboy35 it's not finished, get back to work. kappa
this is considered perfectly safe kappa in china
cutscenes using just cause 2 engine kappa
they should of just called bethesda, if they wanted to make a garbage can kappa
did the game awards start early today already kappa
sure it is kappa
developers always learn from their mistakes kappa
i can't think of anything more stereotypical than fictional south american bad guys, i mean girls. kappa dankek
just cause always same game, just bigger map each version kappa
distract chat with emotes, classic strategy kappa
if its copyright music dan can drive car only for 15 seconds kappa
is this just cause 2, 3 or 4? kappa
@gh0st1979 is there any difference? kappa
just after he said "more serious" kappa
is the difficulty setting on first time fps player? kappaross
its "for the players" difficult kappa
oh that is new kappa
approach the rear? done kappapride
capturing your stream kappa
fornite kappa
yes kappa
yes kappa
totally kappa
yes kappa
more realistic than bf5 kappa
this game is scientifically accurate kappa
@dansgaming just cause chat love that game you can't have a good answer kappa
well chat did make this game after all kappa
@britozora okay britain. we know your crimes. kappa
rico finally getting some head kappa
@chileangodx it's spanglish actually. kappa
its pronounced ja-vee chat kappa
kappa sure it does
kappa pack it up
kappa we'll get him next time bois kappa
sure kappa
day one will make it difficult kappa
red dead 2 all over again kappa
we ga now kappa
plant a birus kappa
glowing beard we reached next gen boys kappa
this guy is trustworthy kappa
24 fps cinematic feel kappae
@venomsgaming:quit it kappa you're making me jealous
@venomsgaming that's the worry for sure kappa
@zephaton kappa nothing tops that masterpiece pls
@murrsu makes sense that his rocket is hidden with the missiles kappapride
"hacking" kappa
is anybody here actually going to buy this kappa
its very realistic kappa
i can probably use the chopper... to travel to the after-life kappa
maybe space? kappa
sounds damaged kappa
@dansgaming did you get a free bag with just cause 4 dan? kappa
i like getting punched in the balls kappa
failout 76 kappa
i like to make fun of dan kappa
kappaclaus just cause
just spec into silent explosions, right? kappa
kappa who needs stealth when you're invincible
stealth doesn't exist in michael bay's diction kappa
kappa nailed it